[WIP] [DOC] Datalad tutorial (#685)
nipoppy/nipoppy: docs/source/tutorials/integrations/datalad/index.md

# DataLad

This tutorial shows how to run the MRIQC pipeline on a BIDS dataset using [DataLad](https://datalad.org) for easy basic provenance tracking.

> This is based on the {doc}`main MRIQC tutorial <../../mriqc_from_bids/index>` but uses DataLad commands for full reproducibility.

Author: ```suggestion
This is based on the {doc}`main MRIQC tutorial <../../mriqc_from_bids/index>` but uses DataLad commands for easy basic reproducibility.
```
